34 minutes we have to break the tie
and it said in that cup of life
sperdutti roll down very well for
Sanchez goes for face and taco for
jumps here is matías
to the heart
what
to his arsenals on holy days at 35
minutes was for matías I killed matías
before due to the angle everyone stayed
stopped and the scream we made of
sanchez stop nothing is a blow
barón pérez one that gets the goal that
for now it was the passport results
where he put matías sanchez for theft
of arsenal 1 anzoátegui 0 together with
third he had recovered the ball in
half the court and it started to
generate real offensive game it
produce was in action in this one is
very well rolls sending it with the chest
moving and then leaving the
connection touch back to the
arrival of Sanchez the best party
Ariel had already advanced
found that very good possibility
in front with a pronounced distance
but also with the profile perfectly
armed and then a perfect shot
from the power and direction that
he came to dig very close to the angle
left upper left him standing
face dixon gonzález a goal of arsenal
that gets into eighths for now gives me
he lost it black but it 's in the area
the Anzoátegui sports team had marked the
to come begging to take all the
high points of the Venezuelan team that
he would come to dinner is to take part of
ties from the second half and everything
and to hit 194 goals the 222 goals
Gorgeous glued products
matías sanchez who nailed her in the angle
and escobar to grab it over itch
but look how it fits so that
ball does not rise but by the
opposite go down to the side
pegadita to the right stick of the arch
guarded by cristian campestrini who
no matter how red it is in no way
could to reach the ball game
it's very interesting is entertaining not
now he wins in passionate emotion and now
comes matías sanchez ball for face
until the second
every thing capabilities and continuous that was
I
career to be capi of roles you are going to look for
the role and he has it just like matías
old here you marry latina and the / dyn
arsenal again with matías before the
careful cat asked saldivia the one
saliva arrived towards the area touched for
Canary of return for race career
for roles
are
an array tie that they did well
once played the team of alfaro if
then the role came and broke the bow
to edixson gonzález arsenal again
up oak goal arsenal two anxos and
one that goal to undermine is for the
party keep growing we had talked
the entertaining of the interesting good
a double wall that concludes with a
genius in terms of definition
martín rolle that does not participate in the
elaboration but that is the definer of
the play and you go where they nail it or
then I insist on receiving the pass
starting as center forward moving
your body so that it is outlined
for his left - footed shot and then the
dig into the angle the ball actually
hits the crossbar before entering
with juste za
it's a great match already for the round trip
for the goals for how the
process by searching for both achieve
arsenal that is again getting into
eighth
porsche follows the bread for the brand of
site continued
hold July phosphorus entertains forge
Chinese fire loss makes a new
attack ansotegi that I press well
saldivia is relieved you will leave for montero
montero montero montero saldivia montero
montero gets montero now if montero
do not
arsenal saldivia he started in the asked
see to find and then receive a
Delicious front attendance that does not
It was selfish to liquidate the arsenal match
another another another story for the team
from sarandí
another hit of the team of alfaro semester
the eighth of the cup provided in
liberators win instead a 3 to 1
arsenal three to anzoátegui one did it
salivate and this is liquidated in a
last day of goals the last one could not
outside the list the lucidity of
Montero does not heal when he raises
seen the moment to face the archer
and ends up giving way the side
so what is the exit that was
pressed and recovered the ball in that
high expression being played just the
former union footballer who after
it also has merit and virtue that
true will be the right time arsenal
and now closes the day with night
this goal that gives him the victory and
classification goes to the best come roles
good mistakes
saldivia saldivia for the time
rolle advances without errors for playing
professional for rooms in the rolex
balls are a center of our goods
transferred came out incredible no heart
of roles was a heart of roles
they come and I tell you from minute 94 by
he ran all the game left him with energy
to make that auction to the man emerged
on the street
but you get to the area how is my
friend alejandro garro felix gentlemen
I just won arsenic arsenal to stress
anzoátegui one writes another chapter in
his young Arsenal gets the story
eighth to the cup to bristol liberators
that's second the group has
specified with still missing a
party has won to visit you in venezuela
3 to 1 was bravo they do not give luck and for
professional moments pulled sheet pulled out
can be a complicated redoubt won
with a goal of sanchez night of
golazos night of golazo by the team of
zone 10 perez a first the both
Sanchez tied Escobar with a ticket
came the terror of collective play
magnificent and then the third of
salivation to liquidate to liquidate a
story tears of some boys
who saw this humble team grow
excellent and that now ninth in eighth
from the end of the cup to bristol
liberators saints lagoon and senara
in
in this group 8 arsenal has been
ranked for it half was celebrated
tiredness a lot of emotion in the whole
from sarandí arsenal 3
anzoátegui one classified the team of
viaduct the team of argentina